Explain more the Major Change Proposal process (#1077)
rust-lang-nursery/rust-forge: src/compiler/proposals-and-stabilization.md

- r+
  - A proposal is r+'d when it is approved to be merged.
  - r+ can only be used to approve a PR.
- Seconding (only for a Major Change Proposal, see below)

>   - A proposal is seconded when a team member having technical the right context formally endorses

Reviewer: I don't know that this needs to be spelled out explicitly - having the sufficient technical context - we can say something more general like "a team member confident in the proposal formally endorses it"

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust-forge/1077/261ee2ac71353be51db9da78832c44bf3c3db824..912064a06a129d208193556dcd0631d620a2b965)*

Author: I will remove that sentence if it feels strange or redundant

- Request For Comments (RFC)
  - RFCs are pull requests to the [`rust-lang/rfcs`][rfcs] repository and are a heavy-weight
    proposal mechanism, reserved for significant changes.

>   - RFC proposals can only be approved by *FCPs* (vote of majority).

Reviewer: I'm not sure that we need to define FCP here when we already introduce it above - I'm also not sure that it's technically a vote of the majority, it's N-2.

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust-forge/1077/261ee2ac71353be51db9da78832c44bf3c3db824..912064a06a129d208193556dcd0631d620a2b965)*

Author: good point. it's slightly misleading / redundant. Will remove it

[major change template]: https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/new?template=major_change.md

#### What kinds of comments should go on a MCP in the compiler-team repo?
Please direct technical conversation to the [Zulip] stream. The compiler-team repo issues are
intended to be low traffic and used for procedural purposes.

It is recommended that any team member who wishes to "second" a proposal be familiar with the
relevant code. Anyone can note concerns that shouldn't be overlooked.

It is also expected that team members raising concerns then to follow-up when the proposal is

> changed and lift the concern, so that it can move on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is expected that team members raising concerns later follow-up when the proposal is
changed and resolve the concern.
```

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust-forge/1077/261ee2ac71353be51db9da78832c44bf3c3db824..912064a06a129d208193556dcd0631d620a2b965)*

@rustbot resolve reason-for-concern
```

#### How does one second an MCP?

> It is generally advisable to wait for a bit of time (say a few days) before approving (seconding) an

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we want this - I think it would be okay if something was seconded immediately and then unseconded during the 10 day period for more discussion. If we ask people to wait for a few days, I think that's likely to just make people forget they intended to go back and approve a MCP.

*[View changes since the review](https://triagebot.infra.rust-lang.org/gh-changes-since/rust-lang/rust-forge/1077/261ee2ac71353be51db9da78832c44bf3c3db824..912064a06a129d208193556dcd0631d620a2b965)*

Author: You're speculating and what you say makes sense but we have no data (AFAIK) :slightly_smiling_face: What we *do* have data about, is that we sometimes second "too quick" [again](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/233931-t-compiler.2Fmajor-changes/topic/Proposal.20for.20a.20dedicated.20test.20suite.20for.20t.E2.80.A6.20compiler-team.23906/near/531803054) and [again](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/channel/233931-t-compiler.2Fmajor-changes/topic/Single-byte.20counter.20support.20in.20coverage.20.E2.80.A6.20compiler-team.231002/near/603378585) and then we must backpedal. To the point that I feel we should at least advice against that.

(not a hill I'm gonna die on, reopening an MCP in the end is just a procedural annoyance)

Reviewer: I'm fine with trying this out and seeing how it goes.

Author: hoping people read the docs :sweat_smile:
